In his own Words:
During my career I got a chance to work and live in multiple cities (Mumbai, Chennai, Boston) however now I’m settled in Bangalore from last 10+ years with my wife and 2 daughters, basically from Kerala. I love to drive , meditate and play football whenever I get a chance. Very much excited and curious about Amazon for my next phase of professional life and looking forward to working with you all!
 
 Biju has 18 years of industry experience and has worked both in technical and managerial roles. He started his career as data mining engineer in 2002 and has been working in the areas of database designing, development and DB administration since then. In his last role, Biju has worked as DBA manager, handled heterogeneous database technology operations & deliveries for various customer accounts during his tenure in Capgemini, Bangalore. He is certified in Microsoft SQL Server and ITIL V4.
 
 “I’m thrilled to be part of the TME team and thoroughly enjoying every day as Day 1 here at Amazon. I have a solution-oriented mindset and always look for solving customer’s business problem leveraging the right fit technology option. I strongly believe my experience and curiosity to learn more will open new opportunities for innovation and help serve customers better.
Outside of work, I enjoy following fitness regimes and spending time with my family.”
 

 I am really excited to start my new journey with CSM team at Amazon!  I started my career with hardware and network engineering background, thereafter played several roles in technology consulting, leading technical teams, managing deployments and projects with various customers across Europe, UK, US and India region across several industry verticals like Oil and Gas, Retail, Telecom, IT, BFSI, Pharmaceuticals to name a few. I am passionate about Project and Program management and I thoroughly enjoy working with colleagues in collaborative workplace by winning trust and customer confidence. I would like to achieve things near to perfection with creativity and great rigour to success mind-set.”
 
 Really excited to become part of the cohort, which in my view is closest to cloud tenets that I have always believed cloud stood for. To me journey is more important than the destination and I have relished the journey of reaching here and looking forward to further contributions and learnings.
I would like to thank my mentor Sanket Raut, for the support and being patient when my account priorities did not allow me to spend the time we would have otherwise liked. Special mention to Rajdeep Tarat in giving opportunities to get more field exposure.

“I am excited to be part of ProServe team and looking towards it as an opportunity for exploring new areas and technologies.
Having spent 1 week in ProServe already, I am sure that I am going to learn a lot here and dive deep into multiple domains.
I believe in Amazon’s way of working hard, while having fun and would like to create history. I am sure it will be a great
experience moving from Premium support to ProServe. Apart from work, I like to spend time with my friends and family and
I like to visit Goa whenever I get time.”

I’m excited to be part of the Serverless TFC. The AAoD program helped me to work through diverse customer scenarios and deep dive in serverless services. It also gave me a chance to interact with others TFC members and learn from their experience.

I look forward to contributing to the serverless community.
 
 
 
